# Cerav2024-supplementarytables
Supplementary Tables from RNA-seq and MeRIP-seq Data
Table S1. All gene annotations of RNA-seq; Table S2. Annotation of all genes with significant differential expression in RNA-seq; Table S3. Heatmap clustering of differentially expressed genes (DEGs); Table S4. Gene Ontology (GO) terms enrichment in biological processes of differentially expressed genes (DEGs); Table S5. Gene Ontology (GO) terms enrichment in molecular function of differentially expressed genes (DEGs); Table S6. Gene Ontology (GO) term enrichment in cellular component of differentially expressed genes (DEGs); Table S7. Level 2 Gene Ontology (GO) terms of differentially expressed genes (DEGs); Table S8. KEGG enrichment analysis of differentially expressed genes (DEGs); Table S9. CK sample peak identification of MeRIP-seq; Table S10. Infected sample peak identification of MeRIP-seq; Table S11. CK sample peak-related gene annotation of MeRIP-seq; Table S12. Infected sample peak-related gene annotation of MeRIP-seq; Table S13. Pst-induced methylation sites and associated genes in infected sample motif; Table S14. All peak annotations of MeRIP-seq after merging peaks; Table S15. Annotation of differentially m6A-modified peaks; Table S16. Gene Ontology (GO) terms enrichment in biological processes of differentially m6A-modified peaks (DMPs); Table S17. Gene Ontology (GO) terms enrichment in cellular component of differentially m6A-modified peaks (DMPs); Table S18. Gene Ontology (GO) terms enrichment in molecular function of differentially m6A-modified peaks (DMPs); Table S19. Level 2 Gene Ontology (GO) terms of differentially m6A-modified peaks (DMPs); Table S20. KEGG enrichment analysis of differentially m6A-modified peaks (DMPs); Table S21. Joint statistics on fold changes of m6A-modified peak-related genes and transcripts in infected leaves in comparison to CK; Table S22. Significant fold changes of both m6A-modified peak-related genes and transcripts in infected leaves in comparison to CK; Table S23. Accession numbers, amino acid sequences, and name codes of m6A writers, erasers, and readers of Triticum aestivum.
